[Music]
hey everyone it is time for another
episode of demystifying digital
sam how are you yeah i'm doing good
thanks mate how are you
yeah really really well today you've got
an analogy for us and it's around
paid listings yeah yes sir yes sir
that's the one
very handy for lots of businesses go for
it tell us how you can explain it to my
name
sure thing so paid listings quick
snapshot um
so from a digital standpoint or software
as a service products you've got
listings like g2
you've got good firms you've got clutch
you've got a whole bunch of others
um and essentially they they do have
free options so you can put a bit of
details about your company your
portfolio the kind of services or
products that you offer
you can collect customer reviews um but
the the
extra bonus part is you can pay these
companies
a premium so usually it's a monthly fee
to appear appear at the top of the
search listing so if someone searches
the services or product you offer you'll
be at the top you'll pay a monthly fee
and essentially it'll drive more traffic
through to your company page
on their listing and then through to
your website and help you get more leads
and similar for like construction
companies there's like trusted trader
so there tends to be paid listings for
most industries to to get more customers
more traffic to your website and more
leads
and so i compare this to yellow pages so
if you remember the old school listings
that used to come through as hard copies
through your letterbox yeah yellow pages
used to have free listings
but used to also be able to pay these
companies to come to the top
um or towards the front of the books i
even heard
russ that back in the day people used to
specifically
name their company to start with an a so
they'd actually write at the front
so even if their industry wasn't like
related to anything beginning with
a so you might be like a i don't know a
construction company you might be you
might rename abc construction company
just so you can be right at the front
and then you might pay a little bit
extra as well so you write the top of
that listing
and so that's why i compare it to paid
listing is a good way to to start
ramping up your traffic to your website
and getting leads and getting clients
yeah that's so funny it shows like the
age difference between you and i because
you're like
i even heard and i'm thinking like i
used to flick past all of those triple
a's at the start of every section
because uh yeah that was totally a thing
but
um yeah spot on great analogy and i
think the great thing too with those
directories and those sites is it
doesn't qualify
for you you know someone's looking on a
particular site for a particular type of
business
they can read a bit in your profile
before they actually you know come
through your site so
nice qualified traffic too yeah that's
it it's a nice way to collect client
reviews as well
um rather than just kind of stick them
on your website you've got a source
where people can see a whole bunch of
reviews some of your work
and that kind of stuff and then get a
bit more confidence before going through
to your site
love it great analogy thanks sam cheers